Feature table alignment (#4446)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/gateway/install/index.md

This page outlines Kong's official support policy and provides links to detailed installation instructions for each.

> _Note: We consider an installation option "Production Ready" when Kong guarantees support. Many of the options below run as expected, but no official support is available_

Author: ```suggestion
_Note: We consider an installation option "Production Ready" when Kong guarantees support. All of the options below run as expected, but no official support is available for those marked with a_ <i class="fa fa-times" style="color: #d44324; opacity: 50%"></i>
```
